README.md, before:

# 👁️ Blindur - Vision AI Pro

Blindur is an advanced assistive technology project designed for the ImagineCup. It combines edge computing (ESP32-CAM) with cutting-edge Cloud AI (Azure OpenAI & Speech) to provide real-time environmental awareness and hazard detection for people with visual impairments.

## 🏗️ Architecture

```mermaid
graph TD
    User([User]) <--> Frontend[Web Interface - HTML/JS]
    Frontend <--> Backend[Flask Backend - Python]
    
    subgraph Edge_Hardware [Edge Hardware]
        Backend -- "HTTP GET /capture" --> ESP32[ESP32-CAM]
        ESP32 -- "JPEG Image" --> Backend
    end
    
    subgraph AI_Processing [AI Processing Pipeline]
        Backend -- "Base64 Image" --> GPT_Vision[Azure OpenAI GPT-4o Vision]
        GPT_Vision -- "Safety Audit / Labels" --> Backend
        
        Backend -- "Text Prompt" --> GPT_Summary[Azure OpenAI GPT-4o Summary]
        GPT_Summary -- "Intelligent Narration" --> Backend
        
        Backend -- "Neural Voices" --> Azure_TTS[Azure Speech Synthesis]
        Azure_TTS -- ".wav Audio" --> Backend
    end
    
    subgraph Storage [Persistence]
        Backend <--> DB[(SQLite - vision_memory.db)]
        Backend --> FS[Local Filesystem - Static Assets]
    end
    
    Backend -- "JSON / Audio URL" --> Frontend
    Frontend -- "Voice Feedback" --> User
```

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Real-time Hazard Detection**: Identifies environmental risks like stairs, sharp edges, and obstacles.
- **Intelligent Scene Summarization**: Provides a concise, human-like description of the environment.
- **Interactive Q&A**: Allows users to ask specific questions about the captured scene.
- **Persistent Memory**: Stores history of captures for later review.
- **Multimodal Feedback**: Visual UI combined with neural text-to-speech.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Hardware**: ESP32-CAM
- **Backend**: Python, Flask
- **AI/ML**: 
  - Azure OpenAI (GPT-4o Vision)
  - Azure Speech Services
  - YOLOv8 (Integrated for hybrid detection)
- **Database**: SQLite
- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (Vanilla)

## 📦 Installation & Setup

1. **Hardware**: Flash the ESP32-CAM with the code in `arduino_code/blindur/`.
2. **Environment**:
   - Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt` (or use `uv`)
   - Create a `.env` file with your Azure credentials.
3. **Run**: `python app.py`

---
*Developed for ImagineCup 2026*

Commit message:

refactor: rebrand project to Gloseen and update documentation
- Rename project from Blindur/Vision AI Pro to Gloseen across all files
- Update README.md with new branding and dark-themed Mermaid diagram
- Add high-resolution architecture diagram to static assets
- Update Flask backend logs and HTML templates with Gloseen title

README.md, after:

# 👁️ Gloseen

Gloseen is an advanced assistive technology project designed for the ImagineCup. It combines edge computing (ESP32-CAM) with cutting-edge Cloud AI (Azure OpenAI & Speech) to provide real-time environmental awareness and hazard detection for people with visual impairments.

## 🏗️ Architecture

```mermaid
%%{init: {'theme': 'dark', 'themeVariables': { 'fontSize': '16px', 'fontFamily': 'Inter, sans-serif'}}}%%
graph TD
    User([User]) <--> Frontend[Web Interface - HTML/JS]
    Frontend <--> Backend[Flask Backend - Python]
    
    subgraph Edge_Hardware [Edge Hardware]
        Backend -- "HTTP GET /capture" --> ESP32[ESP32-CAM]
        ESP32 -- "JPEG Image" --> Backend
    end
    
    subgraph AI_Processing [AI Processing Pipeline]
        Backend -- "Base64 Image" --> GPT_Vision[Azure OpenAI GPT-4o Vision]
        GPT_Vision -- "Safety Audit / Labels" --> Backend
        
        Backend -- "Text Prompt" --> GPT_Summary[Azure OpenAI GPT-4o Summary]
        GPT_Summary -- "Intelligent Narration" --> Backend
        
        Backend -- "Neural Voices" --> Azure_TTS[Azure Speech Synthesis]
        Azure_TTS -- ".wav Audio" --> Backend
    end
    
    subgraph Storage [Persistence]
        Backend <--> DB[(SQLite - vision_memory.db)]
        Backend --> FS[Local Filesystem - Static Assets]
    end
    
    Backend -- "JSON / Audio URL" --> Frontend
    Frontend -- "Voice Feedback" --> User
```

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Real-time Hazard Detection**: Identifies environmental risks like stairs, sharp edges, and obstacles.
- **Intelligent Scene Summarization**: Provides a concise, human-like description of the environment.
- **Interactive Q&A**: Allows users to ask specific questions about the captured scene.
- **Persistent Memory**: Stores history of captures for later review.
- **Multimodal Feedback**: Visual UI combined with neural text-to-speech.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Hardware**: ESP32-CAM
- **Backend**: Python, Flask
- **AI/ML**: 
  - Azure OpenAI (GPT-4o Vision)
  - Azure Speech Services
  - YOLOv8 (Integrated for hybrid detection)
- **Database**: SQLite
- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (Vanilla)

## 📦 Installation & Setup

1. **Hardware**: Flash the ESP32-CAM with the code in `arduino_code/blindur/`.
2. **Environment**:
   - Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt` (or use `uv`)
   - Create a `.env` file with your Azure credentials.
3. **Run**: `python app.py`

---
*Developed for ImagineCup 2026*
